[mill] Copy scalacOptions over to mill, add instructions to CONTRIBUTING (#4462)
chipsalliance/chisel: CONTRIBUTING.md

8. If your backport PR(s) get labeled with `bp-conflict`, it means they cannot be automatically be merged. You can help get them merged by openening a PR against the already-existing backport branch (will be named something like `mergify/bp/3.5.x/pr-2512`) with the necessary cleanup changes. The admins will merge your cleanup PR and remove the `bp-conflict` label if appropriate.

---

## Building and Testing

### Dependencies

Chisel uses the [Mill](https://mill-build.org/) build tool.
You can install it as described on the Chisel [installation instructions](https://www.chisel-lang.org/docs/installation), or just use the bootstrap script in this repository: `./mill`.

> Developers should real the Mill documentation to understand the basic commands and use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers should read the Mill documentation to understand the basic commands and use.
```

> The only real dependency for development is the JDK.

Reviewer 2: git is also required for version extraction via mill

Author: ```suggestion
The main dependencies for development are the JDK and git.
```
TBF, you also need git to clone the repo lol, but worth calling out.

Reviewer 2: Haha, I was bitten this by providing the minimal reproducible dependency by download repo via tar.

> Any JDK 8 or newer will work for most development, but note that developing the CIRCT Panama bindings requires Java 21 or newer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any JDK 8 or newer will work for most development, but note that developing the CIRCT Panama bindings requires Java 21. 
```
Panama API changed in JDK22

Author: Good to know. That might be somewhat problematic when we want to support Java 25 (next LTS) next year, but we can punt on that for now.

Reviewer 2: Nice, we will provide have a new branch for migration, and maybe provide due version in the future, since JDK22 breaks the panama API.

[Coursier](https://get-coursier.io)'s command-line is useful for hot swapping JDKs.
For example:

```sh
eval $(cs java --jvm graalvm-java21 --env)
```

This will swap the JDK in your shell to the latest release of GraalVM Java 21.

### Useful commands

Mill's `resolve` command plus the wildcard `_` are useful for discovering available projects, tasks, and commands.

```sh
# See all projects
./mill resolve _

# See all cross-compile versions for the 'chisel' build unit
./mill resolve chisel._

# See all available tasks and commands for all 'chisel' build unit
./mill resolve chisel.__
```

> You can compile everything with (note this includes the CIRCT Panama bindings so requires Java 21+):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can compile everything with (note this includes the CIRCT Panama bindings so requires Java 21):
```

```sh
./mill __.compile
```

Most testing can be done on just the Chisel build unit:
```sh
./mill chisel[2.13.15].test.test

> ```

Reviewer 3: I think I usually use: `.test`, not `.test.test`. Is there a difference?
